Add improved docs (#11)
rehypejs/rehype-document: readme.md

[![Backers][backers-badge]][collective]
[![Chat][chat-badge]][chat]

**[rehype][]** plugin to wrap a fragment in a document.

## Contents

*   [What is this?](#what-is-this)
*   [When should I use this?](#when-should-i-use-this)
*   [Install](#install)
*   [Use](#use)
*   [API](#api)
    *   [`unified().use(rehypeDocument[, options])`](#unifieduserehypedocument-options)
*   [Example](#example)
    *   [Example: language](#example-language)
    *   [Example: CSS](#example-css)
    *   [Example: JS](#example-js)
    *   [Example: metadata and links](#example-metadata-and-links)
*   [Types](#types)
*   [Compatibility](#compatibility)
*   [Security](#security)
*   [Related](#related)
*   [Contribute](#contribute)
*   [License](#license)

## What is this?

This package is a [unified][] ([rehype][]) plugin to wrap a fragment in a
document.
It’s especially useful when going from a markdown file that represents an

> article or so and turning it into a complete HTML document.

Reviewer: "or so" doesn't quite fit here, it may make sense to replace it or remove it.

```suggestion
article or similar partial document and turning it into a complete HTML document.
```

```suggestion
article and turning it into a complete HTML document.
```

`<head>`, and `<body>`, where the latter will contain the fragment).

This plugin can make fragments valid whole documents.
It’s not a (social) metadata manager.
That’s done by [`rehype-meta`][rehype-meta].
You can use both together.

## Install

This package is [ESM only](https://gist.github.com/sindresorhus/a39789f98801d908bbc7ff3ecc99d99c).
In Node.js (version 12.20+, 14.14+, or 16.0+), install with [npm][]:

```sh
npm install rehype-document
```

In Deno with [Skypack][]:

```js
import rehypeDocument from 'https://cdn.skypack.dev/rehype-document@6?dts'
```

In browsers with [Skypack][]:

```html
<script type="module">
  import rehypeDocument from 'https://cdn.skypack.dev/rehype-document@6?min'
</script>
```

## Use

Say we have the following file `example.md`:

```markdown
## Hello world!

This is **my** document.
```

And our module `example.js` looks as follows:

```js
import {read} from 'to-vfile'
import {unified} from 'unified'
import remarkParse from 'remark-parse'
import remarkRehype from 'remark-rehype'
import rehypeDocument from 'rehype-document'
import rehypeStringify from 'rehype-stringify'

> main()

Reviewer: Not a blocker, but use before define could cause more confusion here.
with the example as is, with a `async function main() {` this works fine, but if `const main = async () => {` is used it will break.

Author: noted, I’ll keep my ear to the ground for others’ opinions
